update samesite docs (#35473)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/environment-variables.md

Learn more about SameSite cookies: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite

> NOTE: setting this value to "none" will make Chrome and Safari to reject the authentication on non-embedded contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: If you're NOT embedding Metabase and you set `MB_SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE` to "none", Chrome and Safari will reject authentication attempts.
```
Does this edit clarify the situation?
